i know what i'm capable of and i know
what i want to achieve
i don't want to live within your
boundaries anymore
and so that's where the name of death
the best came from
wow i'm going to need a second to
process all that
um
welcome thank you how are you
good how are you i'm doing well today i
actually got some
work done this morning so i feel pretty
good about it
well good job i'm proud of you thank you
how are you doing today uh good i just
woke up
so came over got my hair makeup done a
little bit and now i'm ready
um cool and and so what do you go by
like a dip a dab dab okay yeah and and
is there something in particular
uh we were on scuffed podcasts together
a couple months ago
so yeah for a bit yeah yeah um yeah i
remember you
said some really insightful stuff about
mental health oh thank you
oh yeah i remember actually we did touch
on the topic
a little bit yeah um so i'm excited to
get a chance to kind of talk to you more
is there something in particular you
wanted to talk about today
yeah um i was
in the gifted and talented education
program
very early on i think they um the
official test began in the third grade
and i noticed actually pretty quickly
that my interest in school
declined a lot in about
fifth grade so it wasn't long after
and the only actual passion that i had
was
the gifted and talented program after
school
but all meanwhile during school it was
like
it was just a real struggle for me to
stay
interested okay and then um it only got
worse about sixth to eighth grade
i actually didn't technically graduate
middle school
but i did progress on to the ninth grade
um
i wasn't held back and then i dropped
out of school
officially in the 11th grade like i
think we were two weeks into the
semester
and i just told my parents like look
it's not looking good and they're like
okay um and just to give you some more
information um my brother also dropped
out of high school
and he's older than me and so my parents
were like okay like we're not going to
let the same path happened twice you
know like
we need to find new options and and they
knew how gifted and bright that i really
was
so they really you know struggled with
the idea of me dropping out they were
like we just don't get it you're
you're just lazy like what's going on
something's wrong
so um i ended up going to continuation
school from there
which is more of like in if there's a
teacher there
and you go for about four hours a day
and
they kind of guide you like okay here
are your packets for the week when you
come back
you'll get half a credit blah blah blah
and then that ended up not working for
me either
so i dropped out of that and i actually
went to adult school at the age of 17
and there they had a program for
non-adults
to achieve a ged when they turned 18. um
and in that class i finally met um
you know a teacher that recognized
what my struggle really was and and he
was like
man you really don't need this class
he's like you're just not old enough to
take the test
so what he had me do was tutor kids
one-on-one in the back of the class that
were about to take their tests soon
and i would prepare them and get them
ready for their tests and
answer any questions that they had while
he was teaching everyone else
and i loved it and i think if it wasn't
for that class i wouldn't have gone to
college which my only option at the time
was community college
and i went over there and i excelled and
i loved it and
i embraced college a lot and um
i ended up dropping out though to come
back to streaming
because at the time i was like this is
what i really want it's here
i'm not gonna miss it but that was also
a struggle for me because
it really made me feel like man am i
really dropping out
because i'm afraid of school or am i
dropping out
because of streaming you know like it
was it was a real battle because i had
dropped out of school so many times
um but i ended up just going for it and
not letting that hold me back and i'm
really happy that i did
and i actually still plan on possibly
going back
at least for a few classes even if it's
just
you know learning new hobbies new
techniques um
i'm really into education and and i do
like um
you know teaching myself new things and
and being taught
by a teacher i love being taught i think
it's great
i've got a sneeze coming perfect wow
that was such a
great um narrative adapt i i thought it
was
um and so how are you feeling nowadays
um i i mean
like that's a hard question for me
because i haven't been in school for so
long
so i don't know if you mean like
school-wise i'm like uh
nothing you know like i'm happy with the
choice that i made is
what i guess i could say there um i feel
very
grateful every day to just be alive and
um i feel grateful that i have this
job that i have and and that i have
a home to do my job in and and that's
you know
my family's good i'm good health for now
so it's a lot to be grateful for
yeah okay that's uh
so it sounds like you're pretty grateful
and and you really appreciate the
opportunities you've been given
you're grateful for some of the choices
you made you know choosing to be a
little bit of a misfit to society when
it was the right time to do so
yeah i think that's really common for us
on twitch
because sort of society doesn't really
work for us in some ways
um yeah is there is there anything that
you kind of want to focus on or sort of
try to learn
a little bit more about or understand a
little bit better about yourself
um honestly i wanted to just have a full
open discussion with you about
kind of that whole narrative that i
talked to you about because
you know along the way there were there
were a lot of points
where i was just very lost and confused
because i was so smart it's like so
bright and i i could pick up topics so
quickly so easily
um and i always try and use
my my stream my twitter everything
to kind of give insight for kids that
were just as lost as i am
because i i couldn't at the time
comprehend why i couldn't just
do the work like i i okay so
there was actually i mean i'm just gonna
recall even a day
in high school where there was this girl
in my class she
she just knew that i had these abilities
and i think most of the kids knew
but they just kind of assumed i was a
[ __ ] up like they didn't understand
why i wouldn't do the work either um
because i always had the answers
but i couldn't do the work i couldn't
sit there for hours and hours on
on end and just do the work
and um there was a girl in my class one
time and she goes
can you just teach me how to do all this
and i was like sure yeah i'll walk you
through the whole worksheet that's fine
and i sat there and i taught her
everything and and one thing i love to
do
especially when it comes to school and
classes
is always find a way to teach people in
a language that they understand
because a lot of the times i felt like
um you know when my when my peers
weren't getting it
it's because the teacher had only
explained it in one way and they
couldn't fully grasp it
and they didn't know how to make it
their own so that they could understand
it
so i would like sit there and walk them
through that as long as i had to until
they understood it
and then um she just looked at me and
she's like man i wish i had your brain
and that's like something that really
engraved in my head because
i i didn't want to take this brain for
granted ever
and it's it's always kind of been like a
like a motivating factor for me
to not completely what feels like
wasting my brain
because a part of me is kind of sad
that i didn't achieve great like
scholarly tasks with
with the brain that i had because i was
always
ahead of track until i was
way behind track and so that was like a
really tough battle for me internally
how did it feel when she asked you for
help do you remember
that's a beautiful story by the way
thank you um
it just felt i don't know
it was just like hey can you help me and
i was like oh yeah sure
i i really didn't get feelings about it
until she was like
i wish i had your brain because i was
like man that's true not everyone
you know can you comprehend that when
she said that
um it was just like an eye opener
um it made me feel it
like almost just questioning everything
like am i wasting it
am i doing what i should be doing what
like why
am i it it made me feel good and bad it
was very bittersweet
good and bad at the same time i can
imagine
um so i'm noticing that there's a lot of
bittersweetness through sort of your
story right
like yeah um being gifted i mean you
sound to me like
you know when you're one of these
characters that like during character
creation
picks up like a negative talent for
extra points
and then picks up a positive talent so
you're kind of mid-maxed
i don't know if that sort of makes sense
but you're kind of blessed and cursed
yeah at the same time yeah it's always
felt that way a bit
um and and so help i'm curious adapt
have you ever been evaluated by a
psychologist or a psychiatrist
for like learning issues or adhd or
anything like that
no um
never but i do have my first appointment
coming
so i'm really excited about that because
i do think that i i
have one of the few that you just listed
off yeah that's good so i i was just
going to say i think a lot of times when
i hear these sorts of stories
um you know there's a lot of stuff
around
specifically adhd and kids i'm curious
how big was your
uh do you do you remember how big your
class sizes were
like in the third grade fifth grade yeah
i think we had about 35 i would say as
our average
35 kids per class so that's actually a
little bit high
you know there's an interesting
correlation the larger
the class sizes the more likely children
are to be diagnosed with adhd
and it's pretty linear so like um
you know if you have like
you know 20 kids in the class and one of
them has adhd
if you have 40 kids in the class you're
actually gonna have
four kids get diagnosed with adhd so
five percent of the class will be
diagnosed
when you have 20 kids and and you know
10 will be diagnosed when you've got 40
kids
and it's kind of interesting because
what we've really found is that
um when you have a super smart kid and
you can kind of give them attention at
their own pace
they won't get diagnosed with adhd but
the more that you
ask kids to conform to like a particular
worksheet done in a particular time
the more likely people are to get
diagnosed with adhd
right you're not that yeah because that
makes me
think of um okay so to dive a little
deeper
and explain a little more um when i was
very young before i ever started going
to school
my dad sat with me and did hooked on
phonics with me
i think every single day and by the time
i went to preschool
i mean i was like the teacher's helper
because
they couldn't teach me anything they
were just there to kind of like babysit
us at that point but they were teaching
the other kids and
and i was progressed and i was very far
kindergarten same thing
um just very very progress very ahead of
pace
but then in first grade and i lived in a
different town
than where i lived most of my life
they didn't the kindergarten teacher
made notes and she
she met with other teachers the
principal whoever whatever she did
she was very caring in that sense um
to look out for me because she
recognized that i was just way ahead of
pace
and so they would have me go and do math
and literature
in the second and third grade classes
when i was in first and second grade
they'd always have they'd always make
sure that i was up in the like core
classes
and that helped me a lot because i was
like
i i felt like in school i always needed
to be learning something new
or i was just like out of it i i didn't
want to pay attention um or i would try
to and i just couldn't i would zone out
it'd be gone
um but then in the third grade
is when we moved to a new city and
here they're like oh our schools are
better than the schools that they have
in that town
so we're just going to keep her all in
these classes
and blah blah blah so the third grade
felt like i had repeated it for the
second to third time
then fourth grade felt even worse and
um it just kind of almost at that point
felt like torture
like you know when they show those
movies in the montages and the kids like
the kid starts from here then they
slowly sink down and sink down and
that's that's what elementary school and
middle school felt like to me
like it was just a montage passing by of
symbols on the board
that were the same symbols that i saw
every year
if that makes sense for you so it sounds
like you were really stagnating
yeah i i tell people this
now i say it a little less because i'm
older and i i
i don't like people's reaction to it
because they almost don't believe me
but i feel like i haven't learned that
many new things
since the second grade that teacher
that school taught me so many things
and even though you add on to those as
years go by don't get me wrong
you do add on to them you do it does
become a little more complex
but all of those core things that they
taught me
i didn't learn anything completely new
like
just to back that up i
failed every single english class
after the third grade every single
english class was a complete zero in the
book
but every single high school exam
exit exam college entrance college exit
was always placed in the highest bracket
always
but i never did an essay past the third
grade
technically unless it was a test like
that the
big state test yeah how do you
understand that
adept what do you mean
how do you understand why you weren't
able to do essays
like you like it's such a discrepancy
right having a bunch of apps on the
books
and doing really well on on all the
standardized measurements
the way that i understand it was
just i mean when i look back on it
a big thing for me was they wanted me to
sit there in class
follow along do the worksheets which i
would i mean
i'd follow along as much as i could but
then they'd also want me to go home and
spend hours at home and then do the
essays at home which is where most of
your essays had to be done
um unless they were on an exam so
i just think that i lack the discipline
if the teacher was not there making me
do the repetitive stuff
i couldn't make myself do the repetitive
stuff unless it was
like an exit exam where i wanted to do
well
because i don't want to be stuck there i
want to exit
um so that's what that was like my
driving factor like okay i need to do
this
so that i can prove that i am ready to
progress
yeah so i'm noticing a couple of themes
so let me just toss those out and then
i've got some questions for you so the
first is that
you know there's a whole lot of ahead
and behind ahead in some ways behind in
other ways
um and and i think that sort of goes to
the bitter sweetness of it right like
that there's an out like
you're clearly gifted in some angles but
you also seem to be like
um really struggling or even handicapped
when it comes to others
um where where it's sort of like and i
don't mean that in in terms of
disabilities but i mean like like you're
hamstrung right like
like there's some things like some
situations in which it seems like you
can't
leverage what your gifts are
to produce something
another thing that i'm noticing is that
you know it's interesting because it
seems like you really excel
at being individually taught
and also excel at teaching others
so as as long as you know you're
teaching
or it's kind of weird because like even
though you're failing the class it seems
like you can also tutor other kids
in the material it was always that way
yeah
and and so that you know i i just i'm
not quite sure
um where those are going to go but i
just kind of want to lay those out
i think a couple another interesting
thing is that um
you know i heard you kind of mention
this that
you know you assumed that maybe you were
a [ __ ] up maybe
um you'd wasted a lot of time you're not
sure if you wasted time you're not sure
if it was the right thing
you're kind of grateful for where things
are now at times it seems like you
really
had a lot of self-judgment or or maybe
people judged you for your performance
i'm hearing that a lot in your story and
so i was hoping to kind of ask you some
questions about
that sort of stuff but are there any
themes that
um you know you think are particularly
important
or that you want to spend more time on
or anything that i missed
no that that all is pretty aligned with
how i felt and and you do point out
certain things like
especially the judgment on myself and
the judgment from others
one of the things i've tried to overcome
in my adulthood
is
overcoming those bad negative doubts
and and judgments that
i i received a [ __ ] ton of it
in middle school and high school from
teachers
the way that these teachers would put me
they would be so mad at me
for being in that they actually like one
of the teachers
went out of her way to make sure i was
taken out of the program at a certain
point
because she was mad that i was failing
her class and i remember that that like
really
bothered me as a kid because i'm like
it's the one thing at school
that i enjoy that i get to do and you're
taking it
because you're mad that you know about
the class stuff whatever
but at that point i had given up on on
school
and i was just like you know whatever do
what you got to do i don't really give a
[ __ ] that's fine
um but deep down it was it was this big
struggle of like
man she really went out of her way to be
that small and petty
and this same exact teacher one day i
was in her class
and we were working it was like a free
day working in groups
and she's over at the front of the class
on her desk me and my group were in the
back
doing our work and we're all doing our
work
but we start laughing and i'm laughing
with the other four kids laughing and
she goes
samantha dude
here you are laughing you're never gonna
be anything
in life this is why you're never gonna
amount to anything
and i was like and i just looked at my
friends
and i just looked back at her and i just
started laughing
because i was like holy [ __ ] does she
even know why we're live does she know
what we're talking about does she know
anything
i mean some of these these teachers and
i
i have encountered a lot of bad ones but
not to say that i didn't encounter some
amazing ones
but these bad teachers i mean did not
help my path in any way shape or form
and as an adult now i look back on them
and and i
it's like shame on them like that's
disgusting the type of things
to say that to a kid and there was
another teacher in high school
um i didn't turn in an assignment one
day
and he goes well the world's always
going to need garbage men aren't we and
he said that very loud so that the class
could hear it and i was like
i mean yeah who's gonna pick up your
garbage you know but
and i always had to overcome these
things that just because
these authoritative figures are telling
me it does not mean that it's true
and now in my adulthood i i constantly
um learn those behaviors i try to learn
why someone said that to me and i'm glad
that i know now that most of
time most of the time those things come
from within those teachers had their own
issues and maybe shouldn't be in the
positions that they're in
if they're gonna treat kids that way and
those had nothing to reflect on
me and who i am and what i'm capable of
because when i was a kid i did start to
believe them at some point
yeah i'm noticing
they said a lot of devastating things
yeah and actually the the teacher that
told me i was going to be a garbage man
was one of my ap
classes that the school kind of had to
put me in
because i tested into it and i don't
think
he ever liked me for that because he he
felt like i didn't
work my way into it or whatever i tested
into it
sure so i'm also kind of noticing that
you're the
you're the nail that sticks out of the
wall that sometimes people want to
hammer back into place
yeah um
yeah so adap that's kind of and i i
assume
your name is samantha yeah okay
i just clarifying yeah i mean hmm
let me think for a second is that okay
yeah of course
do you feel like people still try to
take things away from you
yeah can you tell us about that
um i think that
it's kind of common in people sometimes
i do try to surround myself with people
that are not this way
but i do recognize when somebody feels
some type of
threat even if i'm not doing that
and um i just pull back from them and
then i'm like
okay so first of all i'm just gonna cut
you out
you know like you're not gonna be near
me but
i i do recognize that people do
try and and take things away like my
confidence so
a reason behind my name adept the best
i my original gamer tag is only a debt
that's what it's been since the
beginning of time i'm like 10 years old
okay
but on twitch i i used to go by a.d
underscore pt because the depth was
already taken
and i would notice a lot of people
coming into my chat
and just trying to [ __ ] on me constantly
but i noticed that what made them even
angrier
and what what really made them confront
themselves
to a sense is when i wouldn't
believe it when i wouldn't accept the
things that they were telling
me and so one day i was like you know
what i need to rebrand because when you
google
ad underscore pt nothing comes up but
like some weird stuff
so i said what am i gonna do and one day
i was watching tv
and there was a guy and his name was
like phillip
duh best and he was on the hgtv show
flipper flop
and i was like man there's no way his
real name is
dub best like i refuse to this man went
down to the courthouse
and said yes sir i would like to be
called the best
and i go if that's not some
self-confidence type of level that i
want to be on i don't know what is
so i was like you know what that's my
rebranding name right there
i'm going to be a depth the best and i'm
just going to
act like i'm literally the best at
because i got tired of doubting myself
because of these things you know these
these statements and these these
devastating
i think you called it um like
interactions with people
like no i'm not gonna embrace that
anymore i'm not gonna embrace
your doubts and and your limitations
because they're not my doubts and
limitations
i know what i'm capable of and i know
what i want to achieve
i don't want to live within your
boundaries anymore
and so that's where the name of deaf the
best came from
wow
i'm going to need a second to process
all that
[Music]
can you give me an example of so aside
from sort of nebulous twitch chat is
there
a particular time more recently where
you feel like people have sort of taken
things away from you
uh from twitch yeah like aside from like
twitch chat
specifically because i mean twitch hat
shits on everybody right that's just how
they show their love
[Music]
not in a super recent time so it's okay
okay so it sounds like you've you've
really gotten adept
at cutting out toxicity from your life
um yeah i think at this point i don't
even give people the chance
to become someone that takes something
from me i mean
i know that that might sound a little
crazy because we're all people and
some of that stuff's just bound to
happen but um i'm not a person that has
many friends
i i think um i have a very odd
perception on
friendships as a whole can you help me
understand that
yeah so i don't feel like i'm somebody
that needs
friends i come from a very large family
um i i have a mom and dad that love me a
lot that are
my best friends so i talk to them a lot
i have um you know brothers sisters
cousins
i just have so many people that have
shown me what
real love is that when i find friends
that are not about
real love and support i don't want
anything
because why do we need to be friends
then like my brain can't comprehend
why do i need to be friends with you if
you can't show me real love like because
i
i do nothing but real love to people if
i if there's somebody that i feel like
i don't necessarily like or love i just
try to avoid them
i i don't go out of my way to befriend
them i have no attraction to doing that
because
i want i think it's i think there are so
many people in this world
that we can all be surrounded by people
that we love
that that also love us i think that
so i don't need the the borderline
baseline
friendship sure like the casual
friendship yeah
yeah like the exactly hey you we should
hang out sometime
sure and it never happens and then you
run into them again and they're like
hey we should hang out when never great
fantastic
exactly around yeah
um do you feel lonely
adept uh
uh when i'm extremely sad sometimes but
usually no
okay do you find yourself yeah i would
like to just add that that has a lot to
do with living in texas
because i have no family here none
so that's hard for me okay
um do you find yourself
sometimes envying people who
are able to maintain like more loose
friendships or have more friends
absolutely not okay
so i'm i'm at a little bit of a
crossroads adept
one is that you know i want to really
learn more about kind of what your
experience of growing up was
and then i also feel like you know when
people come on stream sometimes
i'll i'll try to kind of give them a
different perspective
and there are some things that uh you
know about the person that you've become
that i i'd like to um kind of challenge
some of the things that you've said and
the short answer is that
like so for example
i i i wonder if there's value in
re-examining some of your
hard-earned conclusions
um so i'll just kind of give you an
example so i think that you know you've
had like
actually like a pretty [ __ ] traumatic
interpersonal
scholastic kind of experience right and
and what tends to happen
with the body and the mind is any time
like we get a wound like we form scar
tissue
and scar tissue is sort of like in firm
it doesn't bend
it's a little bit weaker but it's
protective and so there are a lot of
things that that you're talking about
which i think sort of like make perfect
sense
i think they're very logical conclusions
i think that they're a way that you've
learned how to be happy
and at the same time i think it may be
worthwhile to like kind of question them
and i'm a little bit curious if i say
something like that
does it evoke a feeling in you that i'm
trying to take something away from you
okay when you hear that what's your
what's your like emotional or
instinctive reaction
when i hear what specifically just that
i may want to challenge some of the
conclusions you've come to
oh i love it um i think an important
thing to do is just
always look at your behaviors is is it
the right thing to do is it healthy are
you helping yourself so
i i love it and i'm not a i'm not
opposed to that at all can i um
can you do me a favor yeah can you let
me know
if you feel like i am trying to take
something away from you
or if i am sort of slipping into the
role of like
[ __ ] teacher okay okay
yeah can please do that for me if i yeah
if i step into that role like you got to
let me know you got to call me out on it
okay is that cool okay yeah um
so okay so you so you're okay with me
challenging you a little bit
yeah okay so i'm still gonna go back and
ask you more questions but i'm glad i
have your permission for that and if
something comes up i'll let you know
okay okay but let me just give you kind
of one quick example of what i mean
so it sounds like um you know you're
quick to cut people
out of your life and you're really close
to your family you're really close to
you know having people that like
it you're kind of all in in your
relationships right so like
if people are like gonna respect you and
love you then
that's awesome and you're gonna respect
and love them and that's awesome
[Music]
yeah not really i mean i can cut people
off quickly
but i'm also a believer in like um
finding a solution i think
so if somebody's willing to chill and
work towards a solution that's fine
but if they're showing me repetitive
signs of just
like i i think it's important for
someone to care about themselves
first and foremost and i feel like they
don't even care about themselves
then that takes time to recognize that
type of thing
and so no offense but if they're not a
close friend of mine yes i do cut them
out
because i i don't want to
get sucked into those things because
this takes a p
this is a whole process like if i try to
give them perspective that i don't think
they care about themselves that they
don't think they're doing things that
are healthy for them
and they just ignore it and blow over it
and act like it's fine and they're
they're okay i i feel like okay um
well i don't know like i don't want to
get sucked into doing the same thing
that sounds
healthy yeah yeah i mean it sounds like
you know people
you're not going to kind of i think
actually a lot of people make this
mistake where they like
try to convince other people that they
have a problem
you know and and that you know toxicity
towards you isn't really about you
it it's really kind of coming from them
yeah
i guess the one question that i have is
like
how how do you know that
right so like if you say you know this
is toxicity coming from the other person
it's really like hatred on their part it
really has nothing to do
with me how do you know when it has
something to do with you and when it
doesn't
um i think it depends like what are the
things that they're actually
saying to me like i've had a friend
before come to me and say
hey um this and this has happened
this is how it makes me feel this is how
if the situation has evolved
you know like that type of discussion
is a i'm being toxic what can i
evaluate and change versus something
that's more like projection like i mean
projection is
a literal word i feel like it literally
projects at you they're not discussing
with you they're not talking to you
about it
it is projected at you so yeah so
that's how i know yeah so i i see what
you're saying so you're able to sort of
detect projection
from another person and that's kind of
how you know and and that if people sort
of
approach you in a mature manner they're
willing to kind of discuss
and then you're willing to like you know
if you guys have a discussion about it
you'll own the parts that you're doing
wrong
they'll own the parts that they're doing
wrong that's a healthy relationship
absolutely yeah so um can we go back to
that teacher that worked really hard to
get you out of
out of their class yeah um
can you tell tell me what what help me
understand
what they did that was so like how do
you know that they kind of worked really
hard to get you out of their class like
went out she told me
she talked to me about it and she told
me she told me
she said i mean first she threatened me
she said
just so you know i have a meeting with
this person and this person and this
person and and
you know she had her buddy buddy teacher
that was also
um because at that school you had a home
room and then you had to swap with the
teacher next door
and then and then you'd go to your other
classes um and so she had her buddy
buddy
and she goes you know me and her we feel
the same way about you
and blah blah blah and in your notes
throughout uh because
in fifth grade my teacher ended up
becoming the principal
later on so what he did was he put it in
my
file um some things that he felt
personally towards me and he sent it on
to the next school
and then that carried on and over so
that this was sixth seventh grade where
that teacher
was doing this stuff and so she was like
in your file
mr so and so said all this blah blah
blah we're gonna
sit down and i was like okay that's fine
you know like i i don't i never gave in
to these teachers
um my mom always raised me
where if if adults have a child like a
problem with you they need to speak to
me
it shouldn't be a thing where they're
talking to you so every time that these
authoritative figures tried like it
always felt like
like an embarrassment attempt and they
were never gonna do that
to me because like my mom taught me
better than that
so all it made me do was like
they would teach me uh they would treat
me
as though i was a kid that was there to
harass their class
and [ __ ] everything up i wasn't that
type of student i just didn't do my
own stuff sure but i wasn't the type you
weren't like
throwing stuff at her when she was
turned around yeah it wasn't disruptive
do you know what it said in your file no
that i wasn't allowed to see
but that's what they did tell me and i
was told this by multiple people
so it's kind of hard to imagine it to be
fake
so i i think it it totally makes sense
that i mean i think it's a terrible
power dynamic to you know
tell a fifth grader that you're coming
for them
yeah i'm i'm gonna let you down like it
sounds very
like like predatory yeah
i agree and i think it's a really
valuable lesson that your
your mom taught you and something that
it's i'm happy you ingrained
i i find myself being a little bit
curious about you know what
what did they say to you though so they
just said that their meetings and like
what
what were they trying i mean
um well their whole thing was you're not
gonna come to my class
and not do my work that i give you and
then go off and do your
your gait program and then do everything
there
so they were mad that i would do my
stuff there and not in their classes
and i tried to tell them well the
difference between your class and that
is i've been learning exactly what
you're teaching for four years
but i've never learned this before and
this is fun and that's exciting
so yeah i do it but they thought it was
like i don't know they thought because
we did arts and crafts sometime like
like we learned about real actual
artists and painters and stuff they
thought it was like
some fun escape you know because she
wasn't involved in the gate program
she's the [ __ ] teacher they were not
gonna let her near there like no offense
but
they're never gonna let her near there
so she had no idea what we actually did
there i guess
i mean that's the only conclusion i
could draw from it because she
she treated me like it was like some
escape to have fun and i'm like it's not
it's fun but we learn we're learning
important things
yeah so i'm just a little bit curious
like if i play devil's advocate for a
second i'm just thinking about you know
if i have a student who's failing
my class and then there's like the
curriculum and there's the extra
curriculum
i could see an argument for saying like
oh like you know
they shouldn't be doing extracurricular
stuff i don't think it's a good argument
um but i could definitely see like a
perspective where it's like sort of like
if there's extracurricular stuff in
curricular stuff
you know if you're go after school if
you're failing your classes and you're
going in
and doing stuff like it would actually
be in your best interest to focus on
passing the class right what do you
think so you wanted me to tell you
when you were being like the [ __ ]
teacher yep that's what they did to me
constantly that's exactly what the
principal and the other teachers would
tell me about her
and it's like that's fine then i don't
like you guys have your pact
that's cool that's fine but the
difference is
and that they all should have understood
is that it's
it's extracurricular that is more
advanced
that is more challenging that teaches
them something new
that that shows a problem in our current
curriculum then
because if she was learning new
different things all day she would be
[ __ ] doing it
that was the issue that i had with them
is that
i don't want to continue to learn the
same it's not even
sometimes i would want to learn
sometimes i would sit there and i'd get
so mad at myself
why am i not paying attention why am i
not able to do this why can't i sit down
and do it for hours on end sometimes i
would get as frustrated as them
at myself but the thing is when it came
to challenging things and
always keeping the ball moving i had no
problems i didn't suffer those same
curses it wasn't the same sure
so can i ask you so so did you feel like
i was being
an [ __ ] teacher in that moment or was
i just saying the things that they said
you're just literally mirroring the
things that they would say
and and how did you so it sounds like
let me just think for a second try to
process what you just said
and so what you're saying is that like
it wasn't about
it being extracurricular or not
extracurricular it was just
since school was so old for you
the extra stuff was actually like new
things that you could actually learn
so if people presented you with like the
opportunity to learn
you'd do it but if they just presented
you with the opportunity to like repeat
old [ __ ]
like you wouldn't do it i would get very
frustrated
like it's not that i would look at it
and go ugh i've done this before
that's not the problem the problem is
they would sit there
on the board for an hour two hour but
however long they would sit there
then i would know that i have to go home
and do that work that she just made me
re-watch for the millionth time
and i wouldn't even open it because i'd
be so frustrated like
i it was hard for me because i'd be like
why am i doing this what's happening i
couldn't grasp it
you couldn't grasp why you couldn't do
the work
why i had to keep doing it again
like it was it was like a dread it was
like a dreadful feeling
deep down like i have to open that book
and do it
all again you know like that's what i
have to spend my time on
and the thing is that it would be a lot
it would be a lot of it it's not like it
was just three four questions it would
be a ton of it
and that for me as a kid that was very
hard it was like
i dread the fact that i have to go back
there do it again
do it tomorrow like i was so i would
think that way sounds like you were
tomorrow i have to do it all week
that's what it felt like trapped sort of
in this like prison of like
rote boring school work that's what it
felt like
like it felt like punishment so it was
hard for me to want to do it
because i just felt like i was being
punished all the time yeah help me
understand that when did you start to
feel like school was punishment
uh like sixth grade for sure because
fourth and fifth grade
it was still kind of like okay this
sucks
but you know it'll get better especially
once i go
to a new school sixth grade's supposed
to be harder
it's supposed to be new new ideas new
things
but then the stuff that wasn't new it
was just like
like it felt as though
math and and i love math i love math
with like my whole heart
it just felt like english and math
and mostly those were our core subjects
that we had to spend most of our time on
and then we were allowed to go learn new
and explore new things and
and be taught new because even in sixth
seventh grade
like here's what my day looked like i
had to start with
english and i think maybe history
which i'm not a big history person but i
still did it i was okay
um then i'd have to go to math and
science
but it was in that order so i would do
the english stuff that i've been
learning the whole time
reading and the thing is a lot of kids
were behind
like my reading level so it'd be kind of
frustrating to know that
i was the one being picked on by
teachers but i'm the one that knows how
to read
so why the [ __ ] do i have all the
attention on me if i'm the one that
knows how to read
like why aren't they helping them why so
that we can all move on and progress and
not have to do these same things over
and over again
um and sounds like you were really kind
of persecuted
which is strange because you knew how to
read
i mean it felt like it yeah and you know
you know when the teacher they
they raised then they go can anybody
answer this we're not moving on till
anybody answers it
can anyone answer i would always be the
one to speak up and answer it so that we
could all move on and do something else
like
i i would always help the teacher and
when i saw them frustrated
i always tried to help them but when
they saw me frustrated
it was like oh you're a bad kid and i
hated that
but so it would be repetitive repetitive
repetitive
and then pe and then um
i had an electronics class so i learned
how to make circuit boards and things
like that and
and then we had some other type of you
know elective
random class so it was like prison
prison prison prison
okay now we get to learn okay now we get
to be kids
now we get to do something
adept i'm i'm sensing a lot of strength
but also like strength that's built on a
mountain of hurt
yeah i feel like that's where all my
strength comes from is just being like
[ __ ] on and stifled all the time
that's where i feel like it comes from
that's so sad
gotta do what you gotta do
that's also a very sad sentiment right
it's sad and i've cried about it
and i've been sad over it but at the
same time
it's just what happened i can't change
what happened i can't change those
people and how they stifled me
i could only change how that affects me
and what i do with that
and that's it that's all that i'll focus
on does it need to change
no but i'm just saying i i
the the change where it needs to happen
is how we teach children how we
encourage children
and i believe in that so much that i
actually taught basketball for seven
years
and i only taught youth basketball and
i would make sure that if they were
struggling in school if they're
struggling at home whatever in
basketball
i was there i taught them i helped them
i gave them every piece of guidance and
advice
and you know self-confidence
self-assurance everything that i could
and i mean my teams did very well
and they loved each other they loved me
i loved them and
it was great that sounds awesome
you know it's interesting because we
always think that you know the best way
to like learn
something good like the best way to be a
good teacher is to study under good
teachers
but i think sometimes the best way to
learn how to be a
good teacher is to have bad teachers i
certainly know that i learned
um a lot about how
i teach and learn medicine i i i learned
a lot about how i teach medicine from
bad teachers because like you have a
teacher you're like i am never going to
do that
that is terrible and
and not only that but i i loved my
community where i grew up it's a little
town in southern california
and i was like i don't want these kids
to feel the way that i felt and so i'm
gonna make sure that my community is
like
evolving from the ground up like it's my
turn now i'm the adult
i'm going to be the one that goes in
there and and teaches them the way that
i wish
that i was taught the way that these
teachers taught me not the way that
these ones taught me
yeah so adap let me ask you a question
so so it sounds like you know a lot of
your strength kind of
comes from the idea that these teachers
were wrong
right that they were projecting so what
would happen
if it turned out that those teachers
were right
um
i mean i guess that would mean that i
had given up
it means that i would have finally
succumbed to their doubts
like just be a subject just be a pawn of
their doubts i don't know how to
put that into word yeah so what i'm
saying is that that it's not that you
would have been a pawn of their doubts
but that
that their doubts were accurate right
that
what do you think would happen to you in
the way that you view yourself
i don't know
so i have a weird kind of thing for you
to think about so what if i were to tell
you that nothing would happen if they
were right
because here's the here's the one thing
that kind of
rubs me the wrong way about your story
of strength so i think you're a very
strong person i think you're clearly a
good teacher i think you're clearly
gifted
i think that um you've had to deal with
a lot of pain and hardship
and yet there's a part of me that just
feels like
that that's you and that whether people
doubted you or didn't doubt you your
strength is your own
and that your strength exists in spite
like so your strength kind of grew out
of the fertilizer of like
frustration and doubt right and
and there's a part of me that says that
like that's actually sort of
i mean that's true but that actually
like
let's say let's take your basketball
kids for example
so that your teachers don't have to be
wrong about you
for you to give what you did to your
basketball teams
right they could even be right and like
they can even have a point
and just because they're right doesn't
actually change
anything about you well i mean
exactly which is why when you ask me
what if they were right i mean i
i don't think anything of that because i
think regardless i still would have been
the person that i
am one way shape or form maybe i just
have different trauma
that's it i i don't
like i i my brain i can't even
really process what you mean with that
type of question like
oh what if they were right well i mean i
don't i'm here
this is the life that i'm in so it's
like my brain can't even wrap my head
around your question
that i think is makes me really happy so
i think that's sort of like so so here
so i'll just can i just share a couple
of random thoughts adapt
yeah so the first thing is that i think
you have um
something that we see a lot which is
sort of like a reactive ego
so like your ego and your sense of self
is built out of kind of like defiance of
projections of the others
and at the same time so there's like
there's a sense of identity that's like
[ __ ] you guys i'm not gonna
like i'm not gonna let you determine who
i am which is
good but i would even i would argue that
that's still ego and at the end of the
day that's i know sounds weird is
unhealthy
and then there's your genuine strength
which is not
built out of defiance of anything but
it's built out of like
love and care and like wanting to create
it like a good life for other people
and the funny thing is that i see both
in you i see a very genuine strength
i see a very genuine capability i think
we've seen it actually all along
in the stories of like you teaching
other kids where you
knew what your worth was right and then
parallel to that
we have this really common i mean this
is just how things work so like when
you know when teachers are threatening
you in the fifth grade that they're
they're gonna come hunt you down and
they've written things in your file and
it'll be there forever
so our psychology has a very natural way
of responding to that because you don't
know
your real strength that time right and
so until you like grow up and you
understand what your real value is
you form this sort of protective ego
which is like oh like that's them
projecting which is like kind of
interesting because like
you know the tricky thing about blaming
someone else for projecting
is that it gives you a perfect pass
against all criticism
now it sounds that your it sounds like
you actually
genuinely get around that because if
someone approaches you in a respectful
manner and has something critical to say
you're very open-minded about it and
that i think comes from your genuine
strength
but there's this sort of like it's weird
because you actually have a lot of
genuine strength where you're
open-minded you're really confident in
who you are
you're willing to accept criticism you
try to be better
um you know you try to live up to like
the responsibilities that you have in
your authentic relationships
all is good and this is really strange
because bizarrely i also notice
notes of this other thing which is
yeah i don't have the same perception on
ego
i know that um people tell me a lot like
oh
ego this you go that i don't have the
same perception
and i and i don't you know i i don't
um i would
help anyone do anything that i have done
i i want to help anyone get over
all the hurt that i have come over to
get over all of the
self-doubt the um insecurities
the whatever it is i i
use my twitch all the time to share
how i got over all of those things
so you can tell me i have an ego all
that you want and not just you but like
anyone in this world can say that i have
ego that i have this side of me that is
um like it is more of like a facade
because i'm on twitch because of
everything yes there is that ego part
that will not let you get through
to the genuine strength the real person
because you don't have to do that like i
get very disappointed in people that
project
that tried to tear something down or
whatever it's like why are you doing
that
you don't have to do that here you know
you don't have to do it anywhere but
especially not here when you talk to me
and you don't need that
wait can that was really i have so many
questions
can you help me understand what so when
you say talk a lot i'm sorry
no i love it i think it's great i'm so
curious about
um because i i think adapt you've
really wrangled with this stuff for so
long i'm i really want to understand
you know what you've learned through
these struggles so when you say that
that you know you understand that
there's an ego what what are you hearing
me say
and what's your perspective on ego
why don't we start there just tell me
how do you understand there you go
so i mean
i i think that there's there is
ego and i know i know when someone's
being egotistical
and i understand that and i know that i
have behaviors that are egotistical
i understand that what's an example of a
behavior that's egotistical real quick
just so we're on the same page
um
[Music]
the only thing i can think of is like
gaming or something
so get back shitties when you're no like
like uh like even
uh harder than that you know like i get
reg shitty i'm just messing with you
but if i tell you that i would 1v1 wipe
your ass like
[ __ ] on any floor in any game ever in
the history of games you wouldn't be
able to touch me
i genuinely mean it and i am being
egotistical i don't care even if i'm
wrong i don't care you're
it's gonna happen like we'll figure it
out you know um
so that's ego i guess sure
um because i do get angry and i will
tell that to people
um good for you yeah so
that is ego and but the thing is my my
sense
on ego is i don't bring that egotistical
side that those things out until i see
somebody
trying to threaten to get in
yeah so let me clarify a little bit okay
so you're using the word ego and you're
also using the word egotistical and i
should have explained a little bit
better
sure so i'm kind of operating using the
yogic term
ego which is like an identity or a sense
of identity that is actually
built up around the core of who you are
and is by definition false
so we all have ego it's a function of
the mind it's like one of the parts of
mind it's like
emotion like we all have an identity the
technical term is the sanskrit term
ahamkar
which means the sense of i or the i
feeling
so when i for example wake up and i say
i'm a doctor or i am a twitch streamer
or when you say you are a woman
that is like an attribute of your being
which is technically not true
so like i'm not i mean i could say i'm a
doctor and society could think i'm a
doctor but like
if you dissect me you're not gonna find
a doctor anywhere
right it's like a construction does that
make sense
a little okay so like like for example
anyway so so so i'll let me explain let
me just think about how to explain this
so we all have attributes of our
identity
and and like in ancient india like the
yogis believed that like none of the
attributes of our identity
actually define who we are so if i were
to ask you
are you a failure what would your answer
be
no okay did you fail out of high school
yes then how are you not a failure
i don't know exactly because you're not
a failure right so that's an
attribute which you're in your truest
sense of self
you actually aren't a failure like just
because you're [ __ ] teachers like
just because you dropped out like that's
it's all a [ __ ] mental construction
that you can't
like sure you can find an f on a
transcript somewhere on a piece of paper
but that's not who you are right
and and so the yogis sort of figured out
that like we can have all of these
attributes that we can apply to our
lives and our identity
but none of those are our true self
and what i and this is the thing that i
think is so bizarre is that you
sometimes think and i think the ego is a
protective mechanism so the yogis also
say this
that the ego is basically there to tank
for us
from like damage and so the ego starts
to develop whenever we take damage i.e
when you're a fifth grader
and you know teachers are like hunting
you
and you're feeling trapped and you're
feeling dread like ego is
what protects you right like ego is like
what steps forward and says
you don't understand me everything that
you're saying is wrong
i'm not what you think i am i am
something else
and when you say to yourself i am
that is the ahamkar that is the ego
if you say to yourself i am a success or
i am a failure
those are both the yogic ego because
when someone says i am a failure like
that's not
egotistical but it's part of like the
yogic concept of ego
does that make sense yeah okay and so
this is the wild thing
is that when people attack you
your ego steps forward but i think what
would actually be like really amazing
is that if it didn't because actually
when they attack you
what's on the inside is really where
your strength comes from
and that actually can't be touched by
them and you don't even need your ego to
protect
right so
the thing is though i mean as a kid
those things penetrated
yep those things were believed yep
um now that i look back on them like
i don't i don't really have an ego when
i talk back on these teachers
i think that i genuinely understand
why they were the way that they were and
i've come to
accept it do i think that it's wrong yes
do i think that
that there are teachers that are better
than that that know better than that yes
that these ones were just wrong and not
wrong about me but wrong with their
behaviors and how they handled their
authority
and so yes i ha
and the thing is i um
spend most of my time on twitch
so yes i would like for them to only hit
the ego
because they're never gonna get to the
inside like it's just not gonna i know
that you think that it's like a
great beautiful thing or whatever but on
twitch it's just not gonna happen
unless there's someone that i actually
care about what's not gonna happen
they're not gonna i'm not gonna step the
ego aside for people on twitch
yeah when you say it like that that
sounds like a good idea to me
yeah i just wanted to make that clear
like
i'm gonna i agree with you but like it
has to be someone i care about
for the ego to step aside not let me
just like about that because i i may
need to
rethink my approach it's a good point
because i think i think egos are the
best part of twitch
me too i love when someone has an ego
yeah i think it's hilarious
i something tells me that that
you know the best parts of your stream
are when you're like i will 1v1 you in
any game anytime anywhere and i will
[ __ ] all over your face
uh i mean some of us think it's funny
but i get a lot of hate for it so
whatever
i try not to do it because i know that
ultimately
it's like those things come from someone
getting me angry about the dumb [ __ ]
that they spew out of their mouths
and it just makes me look bad at risk
like oh my god i can't believe she
treats her child like that oh my [ __ ]
like no that's not my chat that's some
idiot that came in and shouted something
dumb like that
two different things but that's fine
so hmm
all right well let me take maybe just
maybe we can explore this just a little
bit further and if it doesn't get
anywhere because
you've really given me pause and and i
really have to rethink a lot of what i
was thinking earlier but
let's take kind of one more stab at it
if that's okay with you sure
so you were saying that the reason that
you had to develop that ego is because
it did sink in
and it did hurt back then yeah yes
right so there were dreams that i didn't
accomplish because i
i believed that i was a failure there
were things that i didn't even attempt
because i believed
that i was a failure
so why do you need the ego now
um it's just kind of for play
it's not real it's just for play it's
like
you know when i see somebody struggle so
hard to to attack
me or anything that i'm worth i'm just
like oh well here's my time to play
okay so i i can get behind that i'm
going to offer a hypothesis to you
and i'm curious what you think about it
so the hypothesis is that any time the
ego arises
it's because something does hurt that
the two
are interconnected so just like it arose
when you were a child to protect you
from the things that they said and the
hurt that they said
if it arises today it's because it's
still protecting something that's hurt
that's hurt
right but the thing is like i can get
over that hurt
i i at the end of the day i'll always
remind myself
who i am and what i'm capable of i've
worked very hard at that
so yes it'll hurt in the moment and it
will hurt a little
but i will find a way past that hurt
past those
um weaknesses i will evolve and and make
them better
right but the thing is so yes the ego
will come
out but that's because i i
recognize that attack it's like a laser
focus and like
this person is trying to attack like
and you know so that's yeah the ego
comes from a place because it's like why
are you trying to hurt me right now
what is your problem why are you trying
to hurt me what did i do
why is this happening
that makes a lot of sense
the ego is the one that asks why are you
trying to hurt me
no the real me but the ego goes the ego
is out there like
oh like well let's get into it like
let's play like i said earlier let's
play
let's play the game love it okay because
i was about to say because that that
other question doesn't sound like ego
like why are you trying to hurt me right
now that doesn't sound like ego at all
no that's the real me
that's a real me being upset like why
why are you trying to hurt me
like one thing that i i hate
is that hurt people hurt people
i wish it was not that way desperately
so i try not to hurt people with my
hurts
ever if i know that there is something
that hurts me or would hurt me
i don't like to say it to people that's
why i come up with something like i'd
[ __ ] your dad
because you know what my mom and my dad
have sex it makes me very happy so you
know what if someone's mad that their
dad's having sex that's weird you know
what i mean like just something like
it's just play it's just all
games like hey you oh do you think i'm
ugly well guess what i'll [ __ ] your dad
okay just shut your mouth
that's what i tell people like i don't
want to tell them like oh
you think i'm ugly like um i know what
you look like that big old forehead or
yours ain't doing no help
you know like something like that i i
don't enjoy that
you just lost me there i
i'm i'm very uh confusing it's okay
i acknowledge no i think you're actually
incredibly lucid i
i mean you just i i think that has more
to do with me than that stupid you
so the real me wants to know why
would you ever want to hurt someone the
way that you are hurt
the way that you've been hurt but the
ego will step
in because i'm on twitch or i don't have
[ __ ] time for this right now
you need to go deal with your own issues
so the ego will come out
and [ __ ] with you the way that you think
you're [ __ ] with me because you're
not [ __ ] with me
the only person who's gonna hurt later
on later is you
because i'll get over mine and if you
don't get over yours that's your own
problem
gotcha that makes a lot of sense man
do you feel like you're ahead or behind
still
um all the time i mean i live on twitch
so how could you not feel that you're
behind
i think every streamer feels like
they're behind they're behind on hours
they're behind on
minutes they're behind on this that like
always
what if i were to tell you that a header
behind is also
things that concept grows out of the ego
um well just to offer more information
i don't want to live in a head or behind
i i am tired of those concepts i
recognize that those have been an issue
for me
is to feel like oh i'm ahead i'm behind
them because because you're not always
ahead
like you're just not it's something that
happens like there's
always someone right i live in america
so there's always somebody
going ahead and a head and a head so i
hate living in the head and behind
and i've learned from um my beginning on
twitch just like five years ago
not to compare myself to others but to
not compare myself i need to stop living
in ahead and behind
so this is something very new for me but
it is something that i'm working at
just to let go of like okay that and
that
and just keep evolving and doing
what the best things for me are to do
and just focus on that
so adapt you seem very evolved to me
yeah and i think so too and um i
i think this is maybe the one thing
where the reason i keep on heart because
i don't think you're egotistical
i i hope you're not hearing that what
but i i do think that so ahead and
behind are concepts so
here are the functions of ego so ego
compares so anytime you compare yourself
to another person that is
a function of the ego this is not like
egotistical or being an [ __ ] or
anything like that it's like literally
the function of comparison happens in
the
part of your mind that is a hum god or
ego
okay so i think if you really want to be
a for
free from ahead or behind you need to be
free of your ego and i think you're
halfway there
it's just it's hard because i think you
sometimes i don't think you're quite in
in control of it as much as you're
suggesting so i
actually that's not true so i think i
would really bet money that there are
times where it gets away from you
which is true of all human beings so
it's like my ego yeah
okay so i i i think that i think that
there's still so you call yourself adapt
to the best and so i think that there's
still like
a part of you that you know if you
really think about it like that's a name
that belies confidence but if you're
really confident you don't need to call
yourself the best
right right so i i think that that this
is where
where it's bizarre because i think i see
these things happening in parallel i
don't think you're insecure i think
you're actually
remarkably secure and this ego still
persists and all of this ahead and
behind thinking
moves you away from your true self and
actually feeds the ego
and the more that the ego is there the
more the ahead and behind is there
it looks like you've got something to
say go for it because i
live my life on twitch i don't live
anywhere else as crazy as that sounds
just in this moment in time
i lived my whole life on twitch the name
was never supposed to be confidence
the name was always ego so the name will
always be ego
and the persona will always be ego but
it's not who i really
really am to my core i can believe those
things
in a secure way in a confident way and i
do
but the ego is what will come out
and get out get out of control
you know when i'm into it in bad
circumstances or whatever this or that
but because i live on twit i don't
interact with many people
in real life i don't i just how do you
really interact with people
i don't care i love it i i
i interact with my parents i interact
with my family but my family does not
try
to attack me or or you know down
like belittle me they don't try those
things so
i mean i don't know i have felix felix
lives here he talks to me every day he
doesn't try to put me down
or attack me or or belittle me and
he understands the twitch world he
understands my lifestyle
so and i have a couple friends uh
xqc oh okay we lived together um
for about three three years
and um so
i have friends in real life like melina
has become one of my real life friends
and i have friends from high school i
have two but one of them i just don't
talk to anymore
and the other one i'm starting not to
talk to anymore and that has a lot to do
with because our schedules don't add up
our lifestyles don't add up um just
they're into some bad behaviors that i
don't feel comfortable talking about on
stream
and i'm okay with distancing myself from
those people even though they meant a
lot to me in my past
and they are my best friends um
and like i i see them and i talk to them
and i hang out
but they're not trying they're like i
don't interact with humans i don't go to
work and deal with people that i don't
like
even at the grocery store i don't
interact with people i
here's your card here's your bags
goodbye like that's it
like i don't know i'm i don't mind it i
don't
see anything i think it's a fun
enjoyable thing
um i wish that there were things i could
do
that would put me in interaction with
more people like i wish i could go
play like local softball or local
um community college but with
coronavirus right now i just can't
but um i do kind of wish that i could do
that but i know that i'll do it in time
so it's fine
yeah i i think uh adapt is there
anything i can help you with
uh yes but nothing that i
feel comfortable talking on stream
that's for sure
okay because because it's interesting
because i i mean i appreciate the story
that you're telling but i find myself
sort of
digging like like the reason i started
talking about the ego and stuff is
because i feel like there's something
like i don't
understand you know what the problem is
i know i know so because that's that's
the best i could come up with
yeah um i mean
your people reached out and they were
like hey do you want to come on dr k
and i was like oh putting all my mental
issues out into the world and i was like
no like i don't want to you know do that
that's what they're like
so i was like the only thing that i'd
really care to talk about on stream
would be
um you know like sharing my
it was just kind of sharing an
experience and openly discussing it with
you but it wasn't necessarily seeking
help
for anything regarding those things i
get that and that's totally fine
um it's just i i figured like you know
at this point in the conversation
having talked to you for a while i sort
of went down the ego road just to
because like i said i don't think you've
got a problem with it it was just
because i think it's like you're a
really good example of someone
who has confidence and ego and the way
that you talk about it makes perfect
sense like i think very few people
understand when you say
adept the best is ego that's not me like
that makes perfect sense
right so so you're someone who's really
understood that like
there's a difference between the self
and the ego and the ego is like a
program that like you turn on your
computer and then it does particular
things
and then you can like turn it off um it
also makes perfect sense to me that like
you know the ego you make a really
strong argument for the ego being like
a necessary part of twitch which frankly
it's a necessary part of life
so like if you really have no ego like
you suck at the game of life
because you won't advocate for a
promotion you won't advocate for
you know all kinds of things to like
advance your worldly life
um you know i i do think that a lot of
the real place to grow i think for you
is just that
to recognize like if i could give you
one bit of information we don't have to
get more into it
but just this ahead and behind thing
just so you understand it's part of
ego so so that if you really want to be
free
from sort of like the shackles
of ahead and behind ego dissolution
techniques or further protect uh
restraining the ego is going to be like
how you free yourself from that
but you figured out most of it on your
own like that
you go is comparison and things like
that for me
my worry would be how do i live without
a head and behind like
how do i stay focused
you know what i mean yep yeah that that
would be my worry
when it comes to losing this thing so so
this is where
your worry is good um because
in a sense like there's actually like
some evidence to suggest that
if you lost a head and behind you would
fail
you just wouldn't care because yeah like
i could easily just sit
in the couch lay in bed all day and just
eat garbage and not do anything not go
to work not stream
not do it like [ __ ] all the i could
easily do that
but but that's it's not quite the same
so like can i tell you a quick story
yes so this is one of my favorite
stories about buddha
so buddha so you know buddha was a
prince
and um like what happened so buddha's
story kind of starts out so
he's like a prince and he's like loved
and respected and all this good stuff
and when he was born um there was an
astrologer that came and told his dad
the king he said okay your son is either
gonna be
one of the best kings that the world has
ever seen or he's going to be one of the
best
like monks or priests or you know holy
men
that the world has ever seen and so as
king is like well his dad is like well
[ __ ] that i don't want him to be like
some holy man like i want him to be like
a king you know because he's my son and
that's his job
so what he does is he tries to protect
his son from like all the things like
all the negativity in the world
um so he sort of uh you know doesn't
expose
buddha to any anyone who's sick anyone
who's old or anyone who's dead
and one day buddha sneaks out of the
palace and he kind of
sees he's like walking around and then
he sees like someone who's like
old and then he's kind of like he's he's
with his bodyguard
and so he's like what the f what's up
with that guy that guy's like his face
is all funny looking and his hair is a
different color
and then his bodyguard is like oh that
dude's old and buddha's like
what does that mean old what does that
word mean they're like oh like this is
what happens to people as they like you
know and so explain
the words like what what the [ __ ] this
is crazy
you know yeah sounds like a bug not a
feature
and and then he kind of goes on he sees
someone who's sick and he's like what
the hell is wrong with that guy he's
like making this weird no
like there's stuff coming out of his
nose and like he's making this weird
noise and
and then they're like oh he's sick and
he's like well there's like what's that
right and then he sees someone who's
dead he's like what the [ __ ] is wrong
with that guy that guy's not even moving
and he smells bad and then his body
guards like oh that dude's dead and
buddha's like what is what is that
and so then buddha goes back and he's
like oh [ __ ] i didn't realize and then
he's like really has this crisis
and he's like i don't know what is going
on here
and he's unhappy so he decides that he's
gonna leave and then his dad is like
[ __ ]
and the very thing that he tried to
prevent he ended up sort of creating
and then buddha travels around for a
long time and he kind of abandons this
like worldly life because he's like this
doesn't make any sense
and he goes and he's seeks for light and
he becomes enlightened
then many years then what he does is he
travels around india like a poor person
so he's like you know sitting on his
couch all day he just kind of wanders
around he has no possessions or anything
like that
he like teaches people ask him for help
he like helps when he can
but he's kind of just chilling right
he's just vibing
and then one day he goes back to his old
capital city because he's just make
touring around india and he's walking
down the street and who he sees
is his ex-wife and his son
and and then you know they they lock
eyes and the ex-wife is like
[ __ ] you you know how dare you
you abandoned me and you abandoned your
son and she's like i can
i can handle that you abandoned me i've
gotten over it i'm a strong woman
much like yourself adept and she says i
can i can handle it for myself but like
you really let your son down and it's a
father's responsibility
to take care of their son because he had
sort of failed his duties as a
consequence of his enlightenment so
you're totally right
that like that's what happens and so
then buddha says you know what you're
right that
it's like even as an enlightened person
like i still have
duties and that that you're correct that
i've abandoned you even though i don't
have ambition
i still have duties and so he says to
his wife he's like you know i'm gonna
fix that right now so you say that it's
a father's
responsibility to give their son the
best of what they have and like pass
along their inheritance
and so let me fix that right now like
his son's like 13 14 at the time so he's
like why don't you let him come with me
and then he holds up his bagging bowl
and he's like i'll give him my
inheritance
this is what he has and i'll teach him
how to be a broke
monk and we'll travel together and then
his wife is like [ __ ] you never
yeah you can take your begging bowl and
go so you're you're actually kind of
right
that like you know in a sense it can be
hard
to lose your ego any thoughts about the
story by the way or
should i just keep going i would love if
you kept going
okay i mean i mean the story i
i understand i get it my only thought
is like well yeah but then you know he
didn't pay his bills either he didn't do
it absolutely
you're damn right and that's what the
story i mean your concern is spot on
because that's what
like but literally he didn't pay his
bills he's just like up and left right
no alimony no child support you know it
turned out okay because his
you know his wife happened to be a queen
you know and and that doesn't stress me
out less is what
it stresses me out more yeah because
this is what i'm trying to tell you is
that your instincts are not wrong
your instincts are right and that's your
[ __ ] problem you figured all this
[ __ ] out on your own
yeah right that ego is comparison and
ahead and behind is comparison and
absolutely
and so you should be worried it turns
out that there is a way
and that's to think a little bit so let
me tell you let me ask you this
so your performance with these these
kids in their basketball league
right yeah was ego involved there at all
uh yeah with the other coaches because
they like one of the coaches
he would do some very weird stuff like
he ended up getting
this is just like a local girl city
league and he was getting like four
girls from his travel ball team
and i was like listen dude and i told
him i was like i don't know why you're
doing that we're still gonna beat you
and we did we did feed him and so i was
like okay
like good luck i guess but um so yeah
ego came
out there with the other coaches but not
with my girls yeah
and so let me ask you something like did
you
succeed or fail with your girls we we
succeeded we won the championship
like more than not and when we didn't we
were in second place so
yeah so so but how did you attain that
success without ego
well it's their success it may have been
my it was
me teaching them and helping them and
guiding them but it was their success
it's not my success yeah so that's
beautifully put
and that's the answer right so like like
this is where
when you do something out of service you
can
still have success it's good that you
note that it's not your success so
people look at healthy game and they're
like dr k is successful
i don't really think so it's not my
success this is a big thing that no one
understands right it's it's like so so
this is where
if ambition is of the ego and if you're
worried about not being able to pay your
bills
if you lose your ambition and you lose
your ego the answer is like that's a
valid concern
and you can still sort of be successful
in a sense which is just
through something called like it's
through service
right so like like when when you when
you set the goal is not being
successful but you're saying hey there
are these girls and i want to teach them
confidence
i want to teach them that they have
value i want to show them that they can
do anything that they put their mind to
when that is your compass you will be
able to pay your bills
yeah that's good i'm happy i feel like
uh
i feel like i'm on the right path it's
just like a reassurance like
yeah and that's true so you can let go
this is where it's scary
because i thinking about ahead and
behind is
how is the playbook you've been using to
become successful on twitch
and it can be scary to let go of a
hidden behind
but what i'm telling you is that ahead
and behind causes psychological torture
and may lead to success
and it is my belief that you can try to
make the world a better place
and let go of success and you'll be
successful anyway
i feel like to to an extent
my biggest successes and the moments i'm
most proud of come from a place that
knows that
yeah because i like i said i i do
talk to people a lot i share a lot of
insight i share
my struggles and how i overcame them and
those were my great successes and
that's what i try to focus more on like
my
ahead and behind comes from myself not
like yes other streamers sometimes
but i try to stifle that when i notice
it happening but mostly myself
yeah yeah i think that's that's so i
think like i said i think you've figured
most of the stuff out on your it's quite
amazing
thank you you know for what it's worth
if you ever wanted to learn formal
spiritual practice i think
actually let me think about this
yeah i was going to say i think you'd be
good at it but i'm not so sure
i i i i i know this sounds weird but
but actually i think that you i don't
know if you should learn from someone
is what i mean i i think right you're
doing a good job of learning from
yourself
if anything it could be hard to learn
from someone i've
learned from everyone i've
learned from many many sources that i
could think of like at any given time i
know who taught me what and when
um but with what you mentioned i
actually got
um a meditative meditation singing bowl
i think they call it
i got it yesterday and i used it and it
was really nice
it's one of my new favorite things up on
the top right
i think i just figured out what we're
going to do do you want to learn some
meditation today
sure okay yeah any any like closing
thoughts or questions i mean
i i feel like you know i loved hearing
your story i don't really have much else
to say
no that i'm i'm happy to share it and
i feel i just you know i i think it's
important to share all of our stories
and i think it's meaningful and
and i hope that i didn't come on here
with the guys of you thinking you're
going to help me
um yes i'm always open to help but i i
didn't mean to like
mislead you i told them what i wanted to
talk about so
i don't feel misled it's hard to be
misled when you have no expectations
cool um you know for what it's worth
adapt uh
you're partnered with twitch so
um you know if you do have things that
you want to talk about more privately
first of all good good for you for
setting up an evaluation or like meeting
a psychologist or therapist
you know that's a really good place to
talk about things with you don't have to
talk about stuff on stream for sure
we just actually so twitch is actually
sponsoring our creator coaching
uh program so i think three years ago
i think twitch twitch creators
twitch asked like their content creators
what can we do for you
and the two things that that the
creators
they said three things one is that we
need to figure out how to pay taxes
and such which was like okay and then
the second thing was i think some people
wanted some training in like stage
presence or like more formal you're
smiling is this
no i love it taxes it's a big meme in
our household
taxes we never escape them and then and
then the third thing that they asked for
was mental health support but
it seems like it was hard for people to
you know twitch sort of set up this
thing where you guys can get
you have discounts with like talk space
or better help or something and then
they give you guys like access to
certain apps and whatnot but thankfully
um
they've decided to actually try to
support their content creators so you
can sign up for that program it's
it's private um yeah and and stuff like
that so you can give that a shot
if you want to sure i would love that um
and then uh yeah so you can you know
check that out and
you know it seems to be going pretty
well they sort of help a lot so we deal
with things like imposter syndrome and
burnout
and and those kinds of things um but you
can always try that but i think
it's good that you're seeing a
psychologist i'd be really curious
whether
you know they end up diagnosing you with
something or not i'll let you know
if they do you don't have to but i'm
just saying it's
no i would love to share that with you
i'm so curious about you know these
stories like yours where you're like
gifted but failing like
i don't know what that is
i don't i don't know if that's just it
that can really be explained by a
diagnosis or if there's like more to it
um and and so
because i think there are a lot of
people out there i'm glad you shared
that story because
uh you know my story is actually
somewhat similar i sort of lucked out in
the sense that they actually had me skip
a grade
so so i actually like you know didn't
have to sit around and repeat stuff
right um but then i had my own
fair share of problems i think
to put it simply and and it's been said
time and time again
public school is just not for every
student
and and no offense but especially gifted
students
it's just not um as much as we would
love it to be
as much as it's a great thing because
it's free and
accessible for like literally everyone
in america i don't want to get into
politics but
um you know it it is a great thing i'm
not going to say that it's not but it's
definitely not for every student
and yeah my my meaning
for sharing this story with you guys
today is just any students out there
like
you're not a failure you're gonna be
okay like find your path
build yourself up and just find a way
there are options you can test out of
high school
you can go to continuation school you
can go to ged you can do all the above
like i almost did
so that's my point with sharing my story
today
you know what i really love about that
last sentence adapt is you can do all
these things like i almost did
i think that is a sign of confidence
yeah right to say that yeah
you know i i don't know if you still
have i'm detecting some emotional maybe
i struck a nerve there but
you know i i think it's like it's it's
really awesome to see you
own what you can be proud of and also
own what you don't have to be proud of
and that you can actually be okay with
that
mm-hmm
yeah cool okay
so meditation since you got a singing
bowl
i have to turn my camera off though if
you want me to go get it
okay okay we are back
well did you not want me to get it i
thought you wanted me to go don't mind
go
go get it okay
i just find myself being curious why you
have to turn are you like not wearing
pants or something no because i have a
lot of coomers that will zoom in on my
butt crack and
it's like i have i have basketball
shorts on but they'll still find a way
to sexually exploit me and it's very
so i just should i should i be worried
about that
probably no one's safe
i'm gonna risk it
no okay no i won't
what what exactly is a coomer again
um well these are like these are beyond
coomers like these people have no
they're just dude how the [ __ ] do we get
a beyond
cover to come on stream can we do that
oh my god just literally google my name
i swear to god
it's crazy out here you'll find them
no no but i'm i'm serious i want to talk
because like i want to talk to these
people and
i think that's a great no i'm serious i
am serious too i think that's a great
idea because
i would love to understand why they do
what they do because there are
millions and millions of places where
they can you know look at women that are
sexually
uh you know exploiting i don't know i'm
not trying to be insensitive
i this just how you know like sexually
displaying themselves all the time it's
a great thing
i love it i look at it so why do they
need to put me on sexual display when
i'm not sexually displaying myself
that's something that whole other door
you're opening here
i love opening doors at the end of the
interview
um but like though literally can you
explain to me what a coomer is
um okay so coomer is literally
not gonna explain it in words other than
lingo
see this is why i'm confused because
like i you know they're all these terms
and i can sort of piece things together
but the best that i could come up with
is that
there's something involving sexuality
and it's a boomer that's replaced
with a b with a c yes
but don't use the term boomer litter
cause it
it's just a coomer like [ __ ]
coomer cooming it's just like someone
that's
very horny and does horny [ __ ] or is
horny on main
i guess on main what does that mean yeah
like like on their main accounts like
they're out here on the twitter and
they're
like just just putting their horniness
out there for the world to see how horny
they are
instead of going and jerking off and
using the internet when they're of clear
mind like a normal person like
i think ludwig explains it well in one
of his clips that they could link you
okay i gotta i gotta watch this and get
educated
but i really i mean if you know
i would like to i would like to speak to
one of these mythical figures
i would love if you did that it would
offer me
so much i love to understand why people
do what they do
and i would love to understand why they
make
fake naked pictures of me and share them
amongst each other
when in reality like i i think i'm
i post sexy pictures like why do you
have to take it to the next level i
don't get it do you know what
does that make sense a little which one
all of it all of it dr k
stop trying to have me narrow things
down i mean this way
i i i think the disturbing thing is that
you know i think a lot of it makes sense
i just want to know why they do that i
just don't get it
well i mean just i'm wondering if i'm a
coomer now but
um you know because if you say if you
say you post sexy pictures of yourself
and why are people photoshopping things
probably because the pictures that you
post aren't enough
okay for their humor minds is what
you're
saying exactly okay okay that makes
sense i mean so generally
when people you know change things about
the world like why do they change things
about the world it's because the world
doesn't give them what they want
right but the thing is the more that
they do these weird fake things
the more that it makes me not want to do
it for real
because it's like okay well they're just
being weird with it so i'm definitely
never gonna do that
i think you just opened a whole can of
worms because i don't know what they
know you did
no you open the doors stop projecting
you opened the can of worms no you
you're the coomer you're the cooper
you it's you
yeah i don't know but i think you know
we'll we'll learn so we're here to learn
about the internet
and learn about the minds of the people
on the internet
so maybe that'll happen let's get to
meditation and pure things
let's do that okay so um
you have your singing bowl so i'm gonna
teach you
um kind of an introductory practice
and then like sort of a second practice
okay okay so i don't know
uh what's gonna get transmitted over
discord but if you ring your singing
bowl
you're going to hear that there's an
oscillation or a fluctuation in the
sound it's not going to be one note
okay okay okay and so
okay yeah what i want you to kind of do
i'm going to go ahead and ring it i
don't know what you're going to be able
to hear
but you can try ringing it on your end
and then what i want you to listen to is
the fluctuations of the sound and try to
hear
as long as you can because the
fluctuations are going to get lower and
lower and lower
okay all right yeah so on three
one two three
got it i did mine very lightly i was
scared
okay have no fear okay
be brave adapt all right okay once again
louder
huh am i supposed to close my eyes i saw
you close your eyes
yeah okay sorry do it again no it's okay
i i didn't tell you okay so no you
didn't
yep okay so that's because you're the
one who's a good teacher i'm a shitty
teacher
okay ready one more time eyes closed
[Music]
okay
okay so now what i want you to do
is ring it three times in a row with
your eyes closed
wait until the silence really settles
then ring it a second time
wait till the silence settles then ring
it a third time
and then keep your eyes closed for about
60 seconds after and then i'll teach you
the second phase of the practice okay
okay okay ready
go yeah
[Music]
you
one
[Music]
okay
i couldn't i couldn't hold it i'm sorry
hold what
my laughter i let it out a tiny bit so
i enjoyed it but it's very hard for me
to turn my brain off of knowing that
stream is on like it's hard
to do it because i know it's on my brain
never forgets
okay so then unless you've been on
that's no big deal
okay so um next thing
to to think about is so the next time
you're feeling
ahead or behind okay if you're really
feeling a header behind
i want you to do this practice and
listen to the sound
and then ask yourself
like in this moment as you listen to the
oscillations of sound
how can you possibly be a header behind
what is it that where what is this idea
of a header behind
where does it come from and then let
yourself return to the sound and notice
that the sound is what's real
you are what's real there's no
there's no aheadness or behindness
here right like this is just it's just
reality
where your teacher is good or bad they
just were what they were
they made you into the person that you
are if your teachers weren't the way
that they were
you wouldn't have been able to teach
your basketball students
the lessons that you taught them and so
all things are just
as they are supposed to be
understood
well thank you for coming on adept thank
you for having me
and you know good luck with everything
take care of yourself i'll let you know
what uh
my appointment says if i get diagnosed
and what i get diagnosed with
yeah absolutely go for it okay pass it
on i'd love to hear all right
take care of yourself thank you hey do
you know who i should raid
we're trying to figure out i because
twitch chat just trolls me
uh
let's see here
let's raid
we'll raid her name's fariha
do you know her i don't know anyone man
i'm going to type it to you okay
okay r-e-e-h-a okay cool
thank you very much adept appreciate it
thank you can we write a coomer
oh she uh i don't think she is
she's actually very chill okay
okay we'll wait for you we'll rate
coomer we'll just have we'll find a
coomer to come on stream oh my god okay
let's do that
okay all right thank you dr k i
appreciate it thank you
thank you adap take care bye youtube bye
okay all right i guess that's it that
talk about
you know nutting early ludwig is a
coomer
okay ludwig is not a coomer
ludwig is a person so coomers aren't
people okay